Update README.md (#74)
collab-community/coding-youtubers: README.md

| -------------| ------------- | ------------- |
| [Eddie Jaoude](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5mnBodB73bR88fLXHSfzYA) | Makes content about **Open Source**, *wholeheartedly* | English |
| [ProgrammingWithHarry](https://www.youtube.com/programmingwithharry) | Makes content around various **programming languages** and has many discussion videos around **coding** and **tech** | English |

> | [Freecode camp](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mU6anWqZJcc) | Makes content about **Coding from scratch**, *and has many exercises/activities to practise with* | English |

Reviewer: I suggest making these changes :point_down: 

```suggestion
| [FreeCodeCamp](https://www.youtube.com/freecodecamp) | Makes content about coding from scratch, and has many exercises/activities to practice with | English |
```
